## Morning 

He woke up with a start. Literally jumping out of bed and bounding across the
room. His alarm was blaring, screaming at him to get up. It worked wonders;
mostly because he was terrified that his roommates might murder him if he
failed to turn it off immediately. The key was keeping the alarm well across
the room to prevent any possible snoozing while still attached to the dreams
floating through his hazy half sleeping mind.

Frightened to death and standing there in the middle of the room, reality
began to creep back in. The dreams still lingered but he was awake. He was up.
This was a pivotal moment. His next immediate actions would begin to define
his day. Whether he pulled himself together, grabbed the crumpled clothes
laying on his floor and stumbled downstairs in search of coffee and a large
glass of water or he slipped back into the still warm comforters and the
dreams which seemed distinctly real. Most days he powered through the haze,
deciding to become a member of society. Wake up with the birds as it were.

Down the stairs, around the corner, into the kitchen. He flipped the grubby
worn switch to turn on the fluorescent lights which adorned the kitchen
ceiling and turned on the radio. The words fluttered around his head but were
not making their way in. He pulled the plug and instead found a well worn
album. The same album which used to wake him up in college. His head began
bouncing along with the familiar tunes. Much better.

The kettle began to hiss as the ground coffee beans whizzed through the
grinder. The dark, rich, aromatic scent was already wafting through the air as
he poured the boiling water into the french press and swirled the grounds into
a froth. Wondering as the steam rose through the air if he actually enjoyed
the product of his actions. Was he addicted to coffee or did the ritual of
making coffee simply take control long ago? The thought was left hanging as he
filled a clean mug and took a sip.

<a href="http://www.rcjohnso.com/Looper/Looper.pdf">Looper</a>

<a href="http://lmgtfy.com/?q=the+pragmatic+programmer">The Pragmatic Programmer</a>
